Implement passing stream and memory resource to execution policies (#7299)
NVIDIA/cccl: libcudacxx/benchmarks/CMakeLists.txt

include(${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/benchmarks/cmake/CCCLBenchmarkRegistry.cmake)

cccl_get_nvbench_helper()

set(benches_root "${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR}")

if (NOT CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE STREQUAL "Release")
  message(FATAL_ERROR "libcu++ benchmarks must be built in release mode.")
endif()

if (NOT DEFINED CMAKE_CUDA_ARCHITECTURES)
  message(
    FATAL_ERROR

>     "CMAKE_CUDA_ARCHITECTURES must be set to build PSTL benchmarks."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  message(FATAL_ERROR "libcu++ benchmarks must be built in release mode.")
endif()

if (NOT DEFINED CMAKE_CUDA_ARCHITECTURES)
  message(
    FATAL_ERROR
    "CMAKE_CUDA_ARCHITECTURES must be set to build libcu++ benchmarks."
```
